docs: update feature feed (2026-07-10) (#5023)
n8n-io/n8n-docs: docs/changelog/feature-feed.md

# Feature feed

> Granular, feature-level updates from every n8n release: what shipped in the editor and the integration nodes, one line per feature, newest first. This feed sits between the curated [Changelog](README.md) and the full [GitHub release notes](https://github.com/n8n-io/n8n/releases).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This page is a running log of feature-level updates from each n8n release: what shipped in the editor and the integration nodes, one line per feature, newest first. 

The same entries are also published as an [RSS feed](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/n8n-io/n8n-docs/main/feeds/feature-feed.xml), so you can subscribe and get new entries directly in your reader.

Use this feed alongside n8n's other two release resources depending on what you need:

[Changelog](README.md): a curated, narrative summary of the most important new features as they're rolled out.
Feature feed (this page): a listing of all feature-level updates in each release
[GitHub release notes](https://github.com/n8n-io/n8n/releases): full change detail of each release, linked to commits, including bug fixes and minor changes.
```

> Subscribe to the [RSS feed](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/n8n-io/n8n-docs/main/feeds/feature-feed.xml) to get new entries in your reader.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

{% hint style="info" %}

> Entries are generated from merged pull requests and reviewed before publishing. Some features ship behind a flag or reach the beta channel before all instances.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Entries are generated from merged pull requests and reviewed before publishing. Publishing here doesn't guarantee a feature is available to you yet: some ship behind a feature flag you may need to enable, and others roll out gradually to Cloud or self-hosted instances before reaching everyone.
```
